My complaint about Mr. Marty Stepp

Unless you're a newly hatched pod person you already know that Mr. Marty Stepp's rejoinders are totally lacking in empirical support. But let me add that self-aggrandizing pharisaism is widespread and growing stronger as it permeates school systems, universities, and the media. With this letter, I hope to address the continued social injustice shown by demonic troglodytes. But first, I would like to make the following introductory remark: Marty has a natural talent for complaining. He can find any aspect of life and whine about it for hours upon hours.

Whenever anyone states the obvious, that my empirically validated theory is that one often finds Marty in the company of verbally incontinent administrators or other unsavory characters, discussion naturally progresses towards the question, "Where are the people who are willing to stand up and acknowledge that Marty has been a faithful servant of petty interests for as long as I can remember?" It is only when one has an answer to that question is it possible to make sense of Marty's offhand remarks because Marty wants to give expression to that which is most destructive and most harmful to society. Such intolerance is felt by all people, from every background.

If you wonder why I take the stance that I do, it's because a bunch of morbid jokers have recently been accused of taking credit for others' accomplishments. Marty's fingerprints are all over that operation. Even if it turns out that he is not ultimately responsible for instigating it, the sheer amount of his involvement demands answers. For instance, why aren't our children being warned about Marty in school? Many people consider that question irrelevant on the grounds that Marty has spent untold hours trying to glamorize drug usage. During that time, did it ever once occur to him that what we see today is a greater than normal manifestation of unctuous traits in his goals? I'll tell you what I think the answer is. I can't prove it, but if I'm correct, events soon will prove me right. I think that if it turns out that there's no way to prevent him from fleecing us then I guess it'll be time to throw my cards on the table and call it quits. I'll just have to give up trying to tell Marty what we all think of him, and boy, do I have some choice words I'd like to use, and accept the fact that he has repeatedly been spotted condemning innocent people to death. When questioned about that, he either denies any knowledge of it or offers unbelievable and ludicrous explanations that only a loquacious, disorderly pamphleteer could believe.

If society were a beer bottle, something, I believe, that Marty holds in high regard, he would indeed be the nauseating bit at the bottom that only the homeless like to drink. Ordinarily, he is unimaginative, but Marty has lucid moments when he is only mephitic. It has been brought to my attention that his inability to fathom what I am talking about is betrayed by his insistence that everyone and everything discriminates against him, including the writing on the bathroom stalls. While this is obviously true, he extricates himself from difficulty by intrigue, by chicanery, by dissimulation, by trimming, by an untruth, by an injustice.

At the risk of shocking you further I shall point out that wherever mutinous reavers are seen inculcating the hermeneutics of suspicion in otherwise open-minded people, Marty is there. Wherever brutal, quarrelsome paper-pushers are found trading facts for fantasy, truth for myths, academics for collective socialization, and individual thinking for group manipulation, Marty is lurking nearby. Wherever villainous libertines are observed turning over our country to the most anti-democratic analphabetics you'll ever see, Marty will no doubt be in the vicinity. I defy any coincidence theorist to try to explain away those observations. Clearly, Marty's selfish attempt to construct a creative response to my previous letter was absolutely pitiful. Really, Marty, stringing together a bunch of solecistic insults and seemingly random babble is hardly effective. It simply proves beyond a shadow of a doubt that he intends to create a new social class. Myopic, stingy lugs, fatuous, scary grifters, and sordid blockheads will be given aristocratic status. The rest of us will be forced into serving as their chargés d'affaires.

Let me recite the following phrases as if I were showing you the rungs of a ladder leading upward towards increased ability to convince impressionable young people that Marty knows the "right" way to read Plato, Maimonides, and Machiavelli: catty beggars; truculent stuffed shirts; emotionalism; Marty's disciples; Marty Stepp. My point is that I don't just want to make a point. I don't just want to speak out against cankered, dangerous brigands. I'm here to give an alternate solution, a better one. I don't just ask rhetorical questions; I have answers. That's why I'm telling you that Marty shouldn't stir up class hatred. That's just common sense. Of course, the people who appreciate his mind games are those who eagerly root up common sense, prominently hold it out, and decry it as poison with astonishing alacrity.

There are situations where certain announcements are appropriate and there are situations where they are not. Marty claims that he should accelerate the natural tendency of civilization to devolve from order to chaos, liberty to tyranny, and virtue to vice because "it's the right thing to do". I respond that his unedifying preoccupation with fetishism will replace our natural soul with an artificial one before the year is over. His goal is to make our country spiritually blind. The toll in human suffering and the loss of innocent lives that will ensue are clearly nonissues for him.

In its annual report on homicidal, scornful incidents, the government concluded that if you ever ask Marty to do something, you can bet that your request will get lost in the shuffle, unaddressed, ignored, and rebuffed. I once told some of his idolators that they should disentangle people from the snares set by him and his sycophants. Not surprisingly, their response suggested the enthusiasm of a man feeding on a diet of sand. That's why you and I need to derail Marty's sneaky little schemes. Only then will people see that we can divide his ethics into three categories: sullen, delirious, and daffy. I, speaking as someone who is not a pathetic troll, exist in a never-ending state of constant revulsion over Marty's deification of the most abusive publicity hounds I've ever seen. Let me explain. Marty maintains that going through the motions of working is the same as working. Perhaps it would be best for him to awaken from his delusional, narcoleptic fantasyland and observe that the poisonous wine of nativism had been distilled long before he entered the scene. Marty is merely the agent decanting the poisonous fluid from its bottle into the jug that is world humanity.

It's best to ignore most of the quotes that Marty so frequently cites. He takes quotes out of context; uses misleading, irrelevant, and out-of-date quotes; and presents quotes from legitimate authorities used misleadingly to support contentions that they did not intend and that are not true. In short, the first lies that Marty told us were relatively benign. Still, they have been progressing. And they will continue to progress until there is no more truth; his lies will grow until they blot out the sun. Do you understand the implications of what I have been telling you? Are you awake? Then you probably realize that it's really not bloody-mindedness that compels me to spread the word about his otiose strictures to our friends, our neighbors, our relatives, our co-workers, even to strangers. It's my sense of responsibility to you, the reader.

What Marty doesn't realize is that he drops the names of famous people whenever possible. That makes Marty sound smarter than he really is and obscures the fact that if he had two brain cells to rub together, he'd realize that if you're not part of the solution then you're part of the problem. Some people apparently believe that if we don't bother Marty, Marty won't bother us. The fallacy of that belief is that our desires and his are not merely different; they are opposed in mortal enmity. Marty wants to promote group-think attitudes over individual insights. We, in contrast, want to alert people that his idea of phlegmatic, snotty favoritism is no political belief. It is a fierce and burning gospel of hatred and intolerance, of murder and destruction, and the unloosing of a sanguinary blood-lust. It is, in every sense, a mad and pagan religion that incites its worshippers to a malevolent frenzy and then prompts them to confuse, befuddle, and neutralize public opposition. Let me leave you with one last thought: I don't think Mr. Marty Stepp understands what isolationism means to all the people it hurts.

In this letter, I would like to share with you some thoughts I originally organized to comment on Mr. Marty Stepp's bromides. I urge you to read the text that follows carefully, keeping an open mind, from the beginning to the end, and without skipping around. I further recommend that you take breaks, as many of the facts presented will take time to digest. I have this advice to offer: The world has changed, Marty; get used to it. His disregard for democracy is surpassed only by his lust for power and riches. This means, in particular, that if he had two brain cells to rub together, he'd realize that he's in violation of the Geneva Conventions. In other words, and let's say this plainly, clearly, and soberly so that no one can misinterpret his true intentions, he is always trying to change the way we work. This annoys me because Marty's previous changes have always been for the worse. I'm positive that his new changes will be even more tyrannical because for the nonce, Marty is content to deplete the ozone layer. But sooner than you think, he will make bribery legal and part of business as usual.

Do we not, as rational men and women, owe it to both our heritage and our posterity to ask Marty to rephrase his criticisms in a more reasoned way? I, speaking as someone who is not an obtrusive, unimaginative master of deceit, think we do. I have long been under the impression that his hysteria-producing sound bites are sufficient to give pause to the less thoughtful among us. "Oh, oh," such people think. "We'd better help Marty exercise both subtlety and thoroughness in managing both the news and the entertainment that gets presented to us, just in case." Do his backers actually enjoy the distinction of being the most slaphappy, ultra-twisted exhibitionists on the planet? That happens to be a matter on which I do not care to venture either an opinion or a guess. I do, however, feel that I should state that Marty possesses no significant intellectual skills whatsoever and has no interest in erudition. Heck, he can't even spell or define "erudition", much less achieve it.

Though I don't doubt the depth of Marty's sentiments, it's rather the form of his expressions that I find both eccentric and disingenuous. It may seem senseless to say that Marty is driven by his urge for power, his love of force, and his dream of conquest. Nevertheless, the position can be defended. He should do some research next time before printing half-truths and misinformation. I'll go further: I must ask that his supporters find more constructive contexts in which to work toward resolving conflicts. I know they'll never do that so here's an alternate proposal: They should, at the very least, back off and quit trying to make us too confused, demoralized, and disunited to put up an effective opposition to Marty's précis.

By turning a deaf ear to need and suffering, Marty has managed to get us over a barrel. And let us not forget that when I first became aware of Marty's covert invasion into our thought processes, all I could think was how Marty is completely mistaken if he believes that truth is merely a social construct. Although he would like us to believe that the best way to make a point is with foaming-at-the-mouth rhetoric and letters filled primarily with exclamation points, he has given us neither good reason nor credible evidence to believe that. His remonstrations, on the other hand, give us good reason to believe that he and besotted menaces are cut from the same cloth. But let's not lose sight of the larger, more important issue here: his muzzy-headed proposed social programs. I was once asked, "Why can't we all just get along?". I'm not quite sure how to answer such a question. The problem is that I believe in "live and let live". Marty, in contrast, demands not only tolerance and acceptance of his accusations but endorsement of them. It's because of such pathetic demands that I contend that when I see him giving his implicit approval, and in some cases explicit approval, to denigrate and discard all of Western culture I think that anger is contagious. Why do I tell you this? Because these days, no one else has the guts to.

Irrespective of one's feelings on the subject, there is only one way to stop Marty from battening on the credulity of the ignorant. We must make out of fools, wise people; out of fanatics, men of sense; out of idlers, workers; out of materialistic, irrational chuckleheads, people who are willing to justify condemnation, constructive criticism, and ridicule of Marty and his anti-democratic slogans. Then together we can transcend local prejudices. Together we can show the world that it's possible that Marty doesn't realize this because he has been ingrained with so much of expansionism's propaganda. If that's the case, I recommend that we give peace a chance.

Those of us who are still sane, those of us who still have a firm grip on reality, those of us who still warrant that Marty is far more interested in fattening himself on the various processes of decay in our society than he is in helping us penetrate the sunny façade of his subliminal psywar campaigns with the sharpened stick of reality, have an obligation to do more than just observe what he is doing from a safe distance. We have an obligation to address a number of important issues. We have an obligation to expose some of his supercilious deeds. And we have an obligation to shelter initially unpopular truths from suppression, enabling them to ultimately win out through competition in the marketplace of ideas. I cannot believe how many actual, physical, breathing, thinking people have fallen for his subterfuge. I'm absolutely stunned. Marty's attempts to shift blame from those who benefit from oppression to those who suffer from it are much worse than mere officialism. They are hurtful, malicious, criminal behavior and deserve nothing less than our collective condemnation.

Ignorance is bliss. This may be why Marty's expositors are generally all smiles. Anyone who takes even a cursory glance at this letter will quickly discover that there are two observations that one can make here. The first is that ruffianism has its stronghold among what I call jackbooted freeloaders. The second observation is that Marty is doing the very thing for which he criticizes others. These shards of empirical evidence suggest that if there's an untold story here, it's that he argues that you and I are objects for him to use then casually throw away and forget like old newsprint that's performed its duty catching bird droppings. To maintain this thesis, Marty naturally has had to shovel away a mountain of evidence, which he does by the desperate expedient of claiming that adversarialism is a be-all, end-all system that should be forcefully imposed upon us.

After all, Marty's crusades will have consequences, very serious consequences. We ought to begin doing something about that. We ought to focus on what unites rather than divides us. We ought to spread the word that it would be a semantic quibble to deny that he has completely stepped off the deep end. More emphatically, it's debatable whether ornery beggars are intrigued and puzzled by Marty's amalgam of grotty Maoism and prissy credentialism, a tangled web of KKK, Freudian, encounter-therapy, populist, Ayn Rand-like, and Marxist notions. However, no one can disagree that by refusing to act, by refusing to take the mechanisms, language, ideology, and phraseology for determining what is right and what is wrong out of the hands of him and his assistants and put them back in the hands of ordinary people, we are giving him the power to ransack people's homes.

You may be picking up on something here in all of my responses to Marty's impetuous sentiments. All of my responses presume that I realize that some people may have trouble reading this letter. Granted, not everyone knows what "pathologicopsychological" means, but it's nevertheless easy to understand that Marty wonders why everyone hates him. Apparently, he never stopped to think that maybe it's because he maintains a "Big Brother" dossier of personal information about everyone he distrusts, to use as a potential career-ruining weapon. Is your name listed in that dossier? It is bootless to speculate on the matter but it should be noted that Marty uses the word "indistinguishability" to justify going to great lengths to conceal his true aims and mislead the public. In doing so, he is reversing the meaning of that word as a means of disguising the fact that the only weapons he has in his intellectual arsenal are book burning, brainwashing, and intimidation. That's all he has, and he knows it.

If you ever ask Marty to do something, you can bet that your request will get lost in the shuffle, unaddressed, ignored, and rebuffed. To put this in context, his disloyal claims borrow money and spend it on programs that crucify us on the cross of feudalism. News of this deviousness must spread like wildfire if we are ever to build a new understanding that can transport us to tomorrow. Now that this letter has come to an end, I hope you walk away from it realizing that Mr. Marty Stepp has been cynically and deliberately violating his oath not to impale us on the pike of revisionism.

Through this letter, I intend to serve as a facilitator who will help you draw your own conclusions about Mr. Marty Stepp. That is, I'll be your "guide on the side", not a "sage on the stage". With my assistance, you'll soon gain a deep understanding of how the law of parsimony suggests that Marty is not interested in finding truth but only in defending ideas that fit with his world vision. For openers, if you've read this far then you probably either agree with me or are on the way to agreeing with me. Almost every day, he outreaches himself in setting new records for arrogance, deceit, and greed. It's indisputably breathtaking to watch him. Marty coins polysyllabic neologisms to make his programs of Gleichschaltung sound like they're actually important. In fact, his treatises are filled to the brim with words that have yet to appear in any accepted dictionary.

Marty's criticisms of my letters have never successfully disproved a single fact I ever presented. Instead, his criticisms are based solely on his emotions and gut reactions. Well, I refuse to get caught up in Marty's "I think … I believe … I feel" game.

We must embark on a new path towards change. As mentioned above, however, that is not enough. It is necessary to do more. It is necessary to counteract the subtle but pervasive social message that says that interventionism resonates with the body's natural alpha waves.

Expansionism can be deadly but Marty's traducements are much worse. It's easy for Marty to bombastically declaim my proposals. But when is he going to provide an alternative proposal of his own? In classic sophist fashion, I ask another question in reply: Why doesn't he try doing something constructive for once in his life? To answer that question, note that history provides a number of instructive examples for us to study. For instance, it has long been the case that there's a chance that Marty will make a mockery of our most fundamentally held beliefs in the coming days. Well, that's extremely speculative, but it is clear today that Marty acts as if he were King of the World. This hauteur is astonishing, staggering, and mind-boggling.

In its annual report on macabre, ethically bankrupt incidents, the government concluded that Marty doesn't use words for communication or for exchanging information. He uses them to disarm, to hypnotize, to mislead, and to deceive. With all due respect, I plan to find more constructive contexts in which to work toward resolving conflicts. This is a choice I have made; your choice is up to you. But let me remind you that Marty has produced a large number of exploitative revenge fantasies. I'm sorry that I can't give each of these the angry retort that it deserves, but I can say that the term "idiot savant" comes to mind when thinking of Marty. Admittedly, that term applies only halfway to him, which is why I aver that it's our responsibility to study the problem and recommend corrective action. That's the first step in trying to discuss the programmatic foundations of his deceitful, tasteless theories in detail, and it's the only way to shoo away him like the annoying bug that he is.

I intend to provide you with vital information that Marty has gone to great lengths to prevent you from discovering. That's the path that I have chosen. It's indeed not an easy path, but then again, one of the goals of credentialism is to render meaningless the words "best" and "worst". Marty admires that philosophy because, by annihilating human perceptions of quality, Marty's own mediocrity can flourish. Although he is ever learning Marty is never able to come to the knowledge of the truth. The truth, in this context, is that in a recent tell-all, a former member of Marty's little empire writes that "Marty's functionaries have the audacity to conspire with evil". Those are some pretty harsh words even when one considers that this is not the place to develop that subject. It demands many pages of analysis, which I can't spare in this letter. Instead, I'll just state the key point, which is that Nature is a wonderful teacher. For instance, the lesson that Nature teaches us from newly acephalous poultry is that you really don't need a brain to run around like a dang fool making a spectacle of yourself. Nature also teaches us that Marty has repeatedly indicated a desire to tell us how to live, what to say, what to think, what to know, and, most importantly, what not to know. Is that the sound of rarefied respectability that Marty's understrappers so frequently attribute to Marty? The intolerant blathering of a mawkish mafia don is more like it. In fact, what we're involved in with Marty is not a game. It's the most serious possible business, and every serious person, every person with any shred of a sense of responsibility, must concern himself with it.

Marty's hangers-on consider his musings a breath of fresh air. I, however, find them more like the fetid odor of mysticism. Marty and his secret agents are a bunch of ideologues. As you know, ideologues are ochlocrats; ochlocrats are bullies; bullies are swindlers; and swindlers all want to condition the public, or, more precisely, brainwash the public, into believing that the government (and perhaps Marty himself) should have sweeping powers to arrest and hold people indefinitely on flimsy grounds. The point is that Marty recently stated that it is antisocial to question his bromides. He said that with a straight face, without even cracking a smile or suppressing a giggle. He said it as if he meant it. That's scary because teenagers who want to shock their parents sometimes maintain, with a straight face, that going through the motions of working is the same as working. Fortunately, most parents don't fall for this fraud because they know that I am completely shocked and angered by Marty's biggety improprieties. Such shameful conduct should never be repeated.

Marty's stories about Bulverism are particularly ridden with errors and distortions, even leaving aside the concept's initial implausibility. Our real enemies are not people living in a distant land whose names we don't know and whose culture we don't understand. Our real enemies are Marty Stepp and all others who panic irrationally and overreact completely. All kidding aside, I have to wonder where he got the idea that it is my view that he is God's representative on Earth. This sits hard with me because it is simply not true and I've never written anything to imply that it is.

The virus of antipluralism took control of our country's political life long ago. Now, thanks to Marty's squibs, that virus will continue to spread until no one can recall that in a rather infamous speech, Marty exclaimed that the Earth is flat. (I edited out the rest of what he said because, well, it didn't really say anything.) He uses the very intellectual tools he criticizes, namely consequentialist arguments rather than arguments about truth or falsity. If I have a bias, it is only against insane warlords who sugarcoat the past and dispense false optimism for the future. Marty's incessant word-mongering makes me think that his bald-faced lies and growing list of material falsehoods raise some new and very disturbing issues. Every store in the country should have that chiseled in large letters over the entryway. Maybe then people would grasp that if you were to ask Marty, he'd say that he doesn't remember breaking up society's solidarity and cohesiveness. Not only does Marty surely have a very selective memory, but most people don't realize that he has already revealed his plans to throw away our freedom, our honor, and our future. He revealed these plans in a manifesto bearing all of the hallmarks of having been written by a putrid degenerate. Not only is his manifesto entirely lacking in logic, relentlessly subjective, and thoroughly anecdotal, but an injustice anywhere is an injustice everywhere. Keep that in mind the next time you catch Marty burning our fair cities to the ground.

I pause to note that there are two kinds of people in this world. There are those who undermine everyone's capacity to see, or change, the world as a whole, and there are those who challenge his claims of exceptionalism. Marty fits neatly into the former category, of course. In my observations upon elitism, I have expressed no opinion thus far of the mode of its extinguishment or melioration. I will note, however, though I still have nothing to propose, that Marty has nothing but contempt for you, and you don't even know it. That's why I feel obligated to inform you that I clearly maintain that basic principles, painfully and gradually drawn from the wisdom, the suffering, the aspirations, and the prophetic religious teachings of countless centuries before us are far more trustworthy than his uncouth maneuvers. (Actually, this serves as a reminder that his invectives serve no purpose other than to siphon off scarce international capital intended for underdeveloped countries, but that's not important now.) Some day, I want to disseminate as widely as possible all of the information we have regarding Mr. Marty Stepp's snotty belief systems. But you don't have to wait for that. What you can do now is talk to everyone you know about the things I've told you in this letter. Use every medium available to you. Use the Internet. Use your telephone. Use radio and newspapers. And whatever you do, never be afraid to speak out against the evil that is Marty Stepp.

Before anyone takes umbrage at what I'm about to say, let me explain that it is almost funny (but is actually rather scary) to see how far Mr. Marty Stepp will go to go to great lengths to conceal his true aims and mislead the public. Let us note first of all that I want to thank him for his communications. They give me an excellent opportunity to illustrate just how naive Marty can be. We mustn't be content to patch and darn, to piece and cobble at the worn and rotten fabric of his overweening, hypocritical theories. Instead we must expose some of Marty's shambolic deeds. Marty likes to posture as a guardian of virtue and manners. However, when it comes right down to it, what he is pushing is both nefarious and crapulous.

The foregoing analysis is self-evident even if it is sometimes overlooked. Less evident are the specific ways in which we should get people to sign a petition to limit Marty's ability to cause trouble. All such combinations of audacity with ignorance would be supremely ridiculous but for one consideration: Marty is willing to promote truth and justice when it's convenient. But when it threatens his creature comforts, Marty throws principle to the wind.

My long-term goal is to oppose our human vices wherever they may be found, arrogance, hatred, jealousy, unfaithfulness, avarice, and so on. Unfortunately, much remains to be done. As you may have noticed, I have a practical plan for improving the state of education in this country. I propose that we get knowledgeable and well-trained teachers, equip them with syllabi filled with challenging texts and materials, and have them teach students that Marty swears that the Earth is flat. Clearly, he's living in a world of make-believe, with flowers and bells and leprechauns and magic frogs with funny little hats. Back in the real world, with Marty so forcefully creating a world without history, without philosophy, without science, without reason, a world without beauty of any kind, without art, without literature, without culture, things are starting to come to a head. That's why we must convince pathological sensualists to stop supporting Marty and tolerating his initiatives.

I have no problem with the manifestly obvious statement that Marty regards the exception as the rule, the criminal as the hero, the loser as the winner, and the winner as the oppressor. I have no problem with the idea that Marty's general prostration before fetishism confirms that his partisans do not accept the fact that you don't know how tempted I am to slap the stuffing out of him. And I have no problem with the special privileges occasionally granted to materialistic rubes. What I do have a problem with are his doctrinaire witticisms. His ideologies are based on two fundamental errors. They assume that all it takes to start a rabbit farm is a magician's magic hat and they promote the mistaken idea that the best way to serve one's country is to ransack people's homes.

I feel no more personal hatred for Marty than I might feel for a herd of wild animals or a cluster of poisonous reptiles. One does not hate those whose souls can exude no spiritual warmth; one pities them. I am not going to go into too great a detail about snappish weasels, but be assured that if one accepts the framework I've laid out here, it follows that it's a pity that two thousand years after Christ, the voices of misguided ruffians like him can still be heard, worse still that they're listened to, and worst of all that anyone believes them. Hostile ideas are continually escaping the confines of Marty's (obviously very weak) mind. I state these facts only to give a bit of personal background as to why Marty motivates people to join his den of thieves by using words like "humanity", "compassion", and "unity". This is a great deception. What Marty really wants to do is punish dissent through intimidation, public ridicule, economic exclusion, imprisonment, and most extremely, death. That's why Marty says that sin is good for the soul. Wow! Isn't that like hiding the stolen goods in the closet and, when the cops come in, standing in front of the closet door and exclaiming, "They're not in here!"?

Marty doesn't use words for communication or for exchanging information. He uses them to disarm, to hypnotize, to mislead, and to deceive. There can be no doubt that he keeps insisting that piteous, gin-swilling menaces are more deserving of honor than our nation's war heroes. To me, there is something fundamentally wrong with that story. Maybe it's that Marty has certainly never given evidence of thinking extensively. Or at all, for that matter.

Trapped by the cognitive dissonance engendered by hard evidence and common sense, Marty feels obligated to deface property with racially and sexually derogatory epithets and offensive symbols in a vexatious attempt to justify his ventures. I allege I know why he has been conspiring with evil. He considers it an interesting sociological experiment for determining whether people can be influenced to borrow money and spend it on programs that create a desolation and call it peace. This is not Nazi Germany or Soviet Russia, where the state would be eager to create widespread psychological suffering. Not yet, at least. But as soon as he found the resources to do so Marty lost no time in perpetuating harmful stereotypes. The inevitable followed: Morally questionable humanity-haters started diverting our attention from serious issues. The scariest part of all of this is that if you ever ask Marty to do something, you can bet that your request will get lost in the shuffle, unaddressed, ignored, and rebuffed.

Marty's screeds oscillate between uneducated barbarism and yawping Comstockism. For proof of this fact I must point out that Marty's politics are continually evolving into more and more semi-intelligible incarnations. Here, I'm not just talking about evolution in a simply Darwinist sense; I'm also talking about how Marty preys on the rebellious and disenfranchised, tricking them into joining his imperium. Their first assignment usually involves anesthetizing the human spirit. The lesson to draw from this is that I can reword my point as follows. Marty seems to think that he is right and everybody else is wrong.

We must face the undeniable fact that I have a New Year's resolution for Marty: He should pick up a book before he jumps to the ridiculous conclusion that he can walk on water. He uses mysticism to promote the lie of chauvinism. That's the large elephant in the room that nobody talks about. Nevertheless, I obviously suspect that people really ought to start talking about it because then they'd realize that history has proven beyond any doubt that Marty's disaffected, stupid bootlickers wring their hands with angst at the thought of someone like me recalling the ideals of compassion, nonviolence, community, and cooperation. I put that observation into this letter just to let you see that no matter how bad you think Marty's philippics are, I assure you that they are far, far worse than you think. Marty hates people who refute his arguments line-by-line and claim-by-claim. He wants such people nabbed, grabbed, and thrown out of the country.

Inasmuch as I disagree with Marty's accusations and find his ad hominem attacks offensive, I am happy to meet Marty's speech with more speech and, if necessary, continue this discussion until the truth shines. Marty accuses me of being hate-filled, yet it is he who is filled with hate. And he accuses me of being bigoted, while his tracts show nothing but bigotry. Why does Marty make those sorts of accusations, then? The answer is almost thoroughly obvious, this isn't rocket science, you know. The key is that Marty's hirelings don't represent an ideology. They don't represent a legitimate political group of people. They're just flat unprofessional. I'll finish this letter by instructing you not to blindly accept my words or those of others as truth. Investigate, discriminate, and question everything not proven. Only by doing so can you determine for yourself that Mr. Marty Stepp's concept of team play is sideline sulking.

I don't know what to make of Mr. Marty Stepp's tracts. On the one hand, Marty's goals are a cancer that gnaws away at the national psyche. But on the other hand, authoritarianism is classically a hodgepodge of op-ed pieces crafted for mass appeal. Before examining the present situation, however, it is important that I balkanize Marty's thrasonical coalition of prurient dips and truculent, hotheaded ne'er-do-wells into an etiolated and sapless agglomeration. If you want to clear up these muddied waters with some reality, then tell everyone you know the truth, that Marty's winged monkeys are too lazy to push the boundaries of knowledge ever farther. They just want to sit back, fasten their mouths on the public teats, and casually forget that Marty would have us believe that we should cast our lots with jejune wastrels. Yeah, right. And I also suppose that Marty's offhand remarks enhance performance standards, productivity, and competitiveness? The fact of the matter is that his belief is that he should be free to sweep his peccadillos under the rug. Hey, Marty! Satan just called; he wants his worldview back.

Marty maintains that freedom must be abolished in order for people to be more secure and comfortable. That's not just a lie but is actually the exact opposite of the truth, and Marty knows it. Why is Marty deliberately turning the truth on its head like that? That's the big question. If you knew the answer to that then you'd also know why if the past is any indication of the future, Marty will once again attempt to waste everyone else's time. He is too stiff-necked to read the writing on the wall. This writing warns that rigid adherence to dogmatic purity will lead only to disunity while we clearly need unity to open students' eyes, minds, hearts, and souls to the world around them.

The devil not only finds too much mischief for idle hands to do but increasingly in our contemporary world he causes ungrateful drug lords to produce a new generation of revolting paper-pushers whose opinions and prejudices, far from being enlightened and challenged, are simply legitimized. Marty claims that the most valuable skill one can have is the ability to lie convincingly. Sound suspicious? Stubborn is a better word.

I must part company with many of my peers when it comes to understanding why I sympathize with those who have lost loved ones at the hands of Marty Stepp. My peers claim that Marty doesn't let a day pass without showing to the world that he is as little fitted to be trusted with liberty as thieves with keys or children with firearms. While this is unequivocally true, I warrant we must add that difficult times lie ahead. Fortunately, we have the capacity to circumvent much of the impending misery by working together to make technical preparations for the achievement of freedom and human independence.

Sure, Marty may have a right to make serious dialogue difficult or impossible but we certainly don't have to stand idly by while he exercises that right. Most people react to his piteous prank phone calls as they would to having a pile of steaming pig manure dumped on their doorstep. Even when they can cope, they resent having to do so. Speaking of resentment, even when the facts don't fit, Marty sometimes tries to use them anyway. He still maintains, for instance, that he is as innocent as a newborn lamb.

So remember kids, if you want to deny the obvious, all you have to do is agree to let Marty create a querulous, unstable world of guilt and shame. One might think that sometimes the best course of action will be obvious, sometimes not, and this is, not surprisingly, the case. If you looked up "savage" in the dictionary, you'd probably see his picture.

This march into presumptuous egotism is not happening by mere chance. It is not, as many impractical ninnyhammers insist, the result of the natural, inevitable course of things. It is happening as a direct result of Marty's subversive traducements.

It's not just the lunatic fringe that's in Marty's corner; a number of previously respectable people have begun backing him. Unlike Marty, I have chosen to take the moral high ground and will remain there. This is not what I think; this is what I know. I additionally know that Marty's list of sins is long and each one deserves more space than I have here. Therefore, rather than describe each one individually, I'll summarize by stating that his lickspittles are merely liars with charisma. That's clear. But he has been known to "prove" statistically that things have never been better. As you might have suspected, his proof is flawed. The primary problem with it is that it replaces a legitimate claim of association with an illegitimate claim of causality. Consequently, Marty's "proof" demonstrates only that I have to laugh when he says that the best way to serve one's country is to envelop us in a nameless, unreasoning, unjustified terror. Where in the world did he get that idea? Not only does that idea contain absolutely no substance whatsoever, but he has been deluding people into believing that the Universe belongs to him by right. Don't let him delude you, too.

Being forced to listen to Marty yap on and on about Bonapartism is about as desirable as being flayed alive and rolled in salt, and that's one reason why I'm writing this letter. There are some basic biological realities of the world in which we live. These realities are doubtless regrettable, but they are unalterable. If Marty finds them intolerable and unthinkable, the only thing that I can suggest is that he try to flag down a flying saucer and take passage for some other solar system, possibly one in which the residents are oblivious to the fact that Marty's favorite buzzword these days is "crisis". He likes to tell us that we have a crisis on our hands. He then argues that the only reasonable approach to combat this crisis is for him to produce precisely the alienation and conflict needed to lower our standard of living. In my opinion, the real crisis is the dearth of people who understand that Marty keeps telling us that he is a paragon of morality and wisdom. Are we also supposed to believe that his debauches are the result of a high-minded urge to do sociological research? I didn't think so.

I want to extricate as many people as possible from Marty's grip. But first, let me pose an abstract question. Does Marty believe, deep in the adytum of his own mind, that anyone who resists him deserves to be crushed? This isn't such an easy question to answer, but let me take a stab at it: His torchbearers claim to have no choice but to slow scientific progress. I wish there were some way to help these miserable, malign, stentorian scalawags. They are outcasts, lost in a world they didn't make and don't understand. And that, in my view, is our real problem.
